Document Object:
The document object represent a web page that is loaded in the browser.
By accessing the document object, we can access the element in the HTML page.
With the help of document objects, we can add dynamic content to our web page.

Syntax: document.property_name;

Properties of document:
activeElement: It returns the currently active elements in the document
body: It returns the contents of the body element.
charSet: It returns a string, representing the document’s character encoding.
title: It returns the title element of the document.
head: It returns the head element of the document.
doctype: It returns the document’s doctype.

Methods of Document:

Syntax: document.method_name;

createAttribute(): It is used to create an attribute node with the specified name and returns the attribute object.
close(): It is used to close the output stream.
createComment(): It is used to create a comment node with some text.
write(): It is used to write some content or javascript code in the document.

Window Object:
The window object is the topmost object of the DOM hierarchy. 
It represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage.
Whenever a window appears on the screen to display the contents of the document, the window object is created. 

Syntax: window.property_name;

Properties of the window:
Closed: It holds a Boolean value that represents whether the window is closed or not.
console: It returns a reference to the console object which provides access to the browser’s debugging console
crypto: It returns the browser crypto object.
Document: It returns a reference to the document object of that window.

Methods of Window:

Syntax: window.method_name;

blur(): It is used to remove focus from the current window.
close(): It is used for closing a certain window or tab of the browser which was previously opened.
stop(): It is used to stop the window from loading resources in the current browsing context.

Difference between document and window:
Document:
It represents any HTML document or web page that is loaded in the browser.
It is loaded inside the window.
It is the object of window property.
All the tags, elements with attributes in HTML are part of the document.
We can access the document from a window using the window. document.
The document is part of BOM (browser object model) and dom (Document object model)
Properties of document objects such as title, body, cookies, etc can also be accessed by a window like this window. document.title
syntax:     document.propertyname;
example:    document.title :  will return the title of the document

Window:
It represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage.  
It is the very first object that is loaded in the browser.
It is the object of the browser.
Global objects, functions, and variables of JavaScript are members of the window object.
We can access the window from the window only. i.e. window.window
The window is part of BOM, not DOM.
Properties of the window object cannot be accessed by the document object.
syntax:     window.propertyname;
example:    window.innerHeight : will return the height of the content area of the browser